Create CRDs for apiVersion v1 and update v1beta1 (#1212)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs-web/installation/installation-with-manifests.md

ValidationError(CustomResourceDefinition.spec): unknown field "preserveUnknownFields" in io.k8s.apiextensions-apiserver.pkg.apis.api extensions.v1beta1.CustomResourceDefinitionSpec
```

> **Note**: There are two different sets of Custom Resources, one for Kubernetes <= v1.15 and one for Kubernetes >= v1.16. For Kubernetes <= v1.15 substitute `crds` with `crds-v1beta1` in the following commands.

Reviewer: do we really need to use crds v1 for Kubernetes >= 1.15? I wonder if can just use v1beta until we stop supporting k8s 1.15. This way we will not need to use different folders in the docs and make any comments 🤔 

we can still store v1 in some folder if those are necessary

> **Note**: There are two different sets of Custom Resources, one for Kubernetes <= v1.15 and one for Kubernetes >= v1.16. For Kubernetes <= v1.15 substitute `crds` with `crds-v1beta1` in the following commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: There are two different sets of custom resource definitions: one for Kubernetes <= v1.15 and one for Kubernetes >= v1.16. For Kubernetes <= v1.15 substitute `crds` with `crds-v1beta1` in the following commands.
```

1. Create a custom resource definition for `APPolicy` and `APLogConf`:
   
   ```

>    $ kubectl apply -f common/crds-v1beta1/ap-logconf-definition.yaml 
>    $ kubectl apply -f common/crds-v1beta1/ap-policy-definition.yaml 

Reviewer 2: I think these should also be `/crds`?
```suggestion
   $ kubectl apply -f common/crds/ap-logconf-definition.yaml 
   $ kubectl apply -f common/crds/ap-policy-definition.yaml 
```

Author: we don't have new CRDs for AP yet
